pretty quickly it's right back out of
their domestic of a very smooth skater
as he picks up the parking behind the
saginaw net for the lion Tommy huge
stars no Tommy who's with a wrist shot
from the blue linings back he's been
serviceable back there a body he likes
to a throw his weight around and what's
in front here comes Knight a chance any
scores Jared night came out of left
field and hot and it's blocked there but
job I Dalton young to absorb that now
here comes Eric lock lock pushes a pass
in the direction now a Brandon saw it's
odd jams on the brakes to rewrote as he
looked up to see Austin Watson rightness
skating lane in front of the net shot
there by brad walsh michael fine able to
track it down in behind little momentum
here for the saginaw spirit as they have
a power play now for ibew a shallows
back on the ice that drive from the blue
line look out it's right behind my god
whores Michael Howser has played back to
brad walsh now and archibald he'll try
the near side for the feed as he hooks
up there with Brandon Saad it's in
behind the net One World Junior player
to another side stepped in to Scotty
Harrington as watson will pick it up in
he will tiptoe his way into enemy
grounds austin wants it will leave it
there for madam adam every class in
front of candy and Watson scores Ollie
mad a surgical pass in front and Watson
is there to deflected back to the line
Olli maatta will send it along into the
corner it's on the stick of Matt Rupert
surrounded their double team by ring n
and fine senri pass in front of the net
it's right there for the taking and
night unable to a pick it off as it was
bouncing in his direction Michael five
slipper little open really come the
saginaw spirit into the zone ring it a
shot and hauser what the answer is he
slides over to make this a gorge
before the net comes off the pegs
Michael Kline hits the back of the net
Michael Hauser was caught swimming and
he could not stride back Michael find a
good look up and he hits the target 32
pickle find a collision in behind us
Ross of all dear with Tinordi meantime
the pike will end up in behind the
saginaw spirit net played around the
boards there by Walsh here comes Brandon
Archibald with a burst of speed as he
hustles Lopakhin to the London zone a
long range shot juicy rebound in front
that may have caught the interest of a
garret Ross had he not been looking
towards the bench for a replacement
domestic Ontario big save by Patterson
but they score Tinordi save at the
doorstep second goal of the playoffs and
it comes at 1151 of this the second
period soul every time the spirit cut
the lead to one the Knights respond and
bring it back now Jeff's car wow this is
getting a little crazy Terry Trafford in
front of the net accepts a pass and
wires they pass Hauser for three musical
goals here in the event center and in
front of the net and it's tidied up
there by the spirit after it was poked
away initially by Jake Patterson down to
six and a half year in regulation time
London for saginaw three the Knights win
it's on to the conference final the
spirit win they got a date at the lab at
center monday night for a game seven
holy matt it with a drunk a shot by only
matta that happen
you